# Abstract

Many Objective Visual Analytics: Constructive Problem Framing for
Design Optimization

Constructive problem framing is a process that starts by
acknowledging that the design optimization problem under
consideration is not fully understood, treating the problem's
formulation and even its basic assumptions as fluid and subject
to revision by the designer.  Learning about the problem leads to
changes to the designer's assumptions and problem formulation,
and ultimately to the selection of a design.  Many Objective
Visual Analytics (MOVA) provides a conceptual framework for
constructive problem framing, setting it in terms of four
mutually interacting activities: problem conception and
formulation, many objective optimization, visualization, and
negotiated design selection.  This paper uses MOVA to illuminate
the process of constructive problem framing for a new,
computationally challenging, instance of the General Aviation
Aircraft product family design problem (GAA Problem).  While
previous studies of the GAA Problem have employed a polynomial
response surface model to provide rapid feedback, this study
takes advantage of advances in computing power and algorithm
design, using the cutting-edge multi-master Borg optimization
framework to optimize a non-trivial aircraft design synthesis
model.  This paper uses the conceptual framework provided by MOVA
to show how the transition from one problem formulation to the
next encapsulates the knowledge acquired during the constructive
problem framing process.


<!--
vim:ts=4:sw=4:expandtab:wrap lbr:textwidth=65:ai
-->
